{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20\lang3081 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author David Beaumont}
{\operator David Beaumont}{\creatim\yr1996\mo10\dy29\hr14\min57}{\revtim\yr1996\mo10\dy29\hr15\min4}{\version3}{\edmins5}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords382}{\nofchars2183}{\*\company David's Computer Services}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0
\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20\lang3081 {\fs36\lang1033 The Simpsons Theme v1.4}{
\fs32\lang1033 
\par }{\f5\fs24\lang1033 for Microsoft Plus! }{\f1\lang1033 \'d4
\par }{\fs16\lang1033 Updated 29th of October 1996
\par }\pard \qr\nowidctlpar {\fs16\lang1033 Created by David Beaumont
\par }\pard \qr\nowidctlpar\tx8640 {\fs16\lang1033 Beaumont@ozemail.com.au
\par MSN: Beaumont
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\b\f5\fs28\ul\lang1033 New Features! (since version 1.0)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent283 {\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 Added Icons for My Computer, Network Neighborhood and Recycle Bin
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}Added Cursors: Default Pointer, Waiting, Busy, all the normal pointers included
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}Wallpaper cleaned up
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}Added Sounds: Minimize, Maximize, Restore up and down.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}Fixed Duff Beer bug
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}Simpsons Startup and Shutdown screens (thanks to Potter Palmer! <}potterp@ucla.edu>{\lang1033 )
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx8640 {\b\f5\fs28\ul\lang1033 Installation Instructions:
\par }\pard \fi-284\li284\nowidctlpar\tx8640 {\lang1033 1.\tab Extract the ZIP file into your Plus!\\Themes Folder (usually c:\\Program File\\Plus!\\Themes)
\par 2.\tab Open the Control Panel and Open the Desktop Themes Folder.
\par 3.\tab Select the Simpsons theme and click OK.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx8640 {\lang1033 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f11\fs24\lang1033 
\par }{\b\f5\fs28\ul\lang1033 To replace the Windows 95 startup and shutdown screens with the Simpson's versions do the following:
\par }{\lang1033 
\par 1. Go to the root folder of your boot drive (usually c:\\) and rename the file logo.sys to anything you want (logo win95.sys will do fine) . Next, move the file logo.sys from the temporary location in which you unzipped the 
Simpon's theme to this folder. (Note: don't move this file until you have
\par renamed the original or it will be copied over.)
\par 
\par 2. Go to your Windows 95 folder (usually c:\\windows) and rename the files logow.sys and logos.sys to anything you want (logow win95.sys and logos win95.sys will do fine). Next, move the files logow.sys and logos.sys from 
the temporary location to this folder.
\par 
\par To undo this, rename the current Simpsons versions of these files to something else so you don't copy over them (i.e. logo.sys to logo simps.sys, etc) and then return the original files to their original names (i.e. logo
\par win95.sys to logo.sys, etc). 
\par 
\par }{\b\f5\fs28\ul\lang1033 Special Thanks to:
\par }{\lang1033 Potter Palmer <}potterp@ucla.edu>
\par For the Start up and Shut down screens.{\lang1033 
\par }{\f11\fs24\lang1033 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx8640 {\b\f5\fs28\ul\lang1033 Please Help the Author!
\par }{\lang1033 If you really like the Desktop them I have created and feel obliged to help the author then if you really must, you may send any amount you feel appropriate (checks only please!) to:
\par 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\lang1033 \tab Mr. David Beaumont
\par \tab PO Box 10264
\par \tab Gouger Street Post Office
\par \tab Adelaide
\par \tab South Australia \tab 5050
\par \tab Australia
\par 
\par note: I am not asking for money for the contents of the sound files or the wallpaper, it is the compilation that brings together the components that I am asking for support.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5\fs28\ul\lang1033 Disclaimer:
\par }{\lang1033 All material contained within the theme remains the property of their respective owners. This }{\i\lang1033 Desktop Theme}{\lang1033  was created without the permission of the authors of }{\i\lang1033 "The Simpsons"}{\lang1033 
 or anybody else for that matter. The effort put into this production is in the compiling of the material into a }{\i\lang1033 Desktop Theme}{\lang1033  and in no way am I claiming the material was of my production.
\par }}